:
Okay, so I've got my recording started. So a couple of quick ground rules for this. Again, this is the intention of this activity is for us to have like a group interview and it should be semi-structured. So basically what we're doing is you presented me with a list of questions and I'm gonna answer them, but it should naturally evolve into. additional questions and some conversation about what I'm looking for what I want and what I desire in the app. So my apologies. I thoroughly reviewed the discussion for the  auto mechanics. So I don't like I'm not going into this thing. Oh, I know exactly what we're going to talking about today. I tried to also kind of fill in the gaps with them. So if there are other things that maybe I  missed I will make note of that. If you didn't make your post, then  I will open it up for late questions,  but you won't get full credit. So, and I will answer those in the discussion form. So as time permits today, we will  open up the discussion from the other sections and see if we can get through some of those questions. So  two quick things that came up  that I looked through the auto mechanic is,  well, actually three that I'm going to bring up here because  I am Assuming that I'll see these questions here, but  just to remind you, I've already mentioned this, but this is the robot is for personal home use. So it's not the intention. We did talk about how to make it scalable and how to make it uh work with companies and corporations and nursing homes and hospitals. But this application is just supposed to be for home use, personal home use. I have a robot. I have this app. wanted to do things etc. Another thing that came up was um Oh, in the auto mechanic and I might see this here. I might not in the auto mechanic app. I saw lots of students asking like,  oh, well, what about the transmission  when transmission was not even brought up as something that I needed to do. So um as a reminder, um your.  Your um application should do. um Backing for floors and surface cleaning.  and uh laundry  and we should have some kind of maintenance or task scheduler. So we're going to kind of those progressively get a little more challenging and difficult and kind of match the auto mechanic and difficulty. So  again next week we'll start talking about Marvel, how to use Marvel and the expectations that I have for the first assignment. All right. So we'll progressively do those in the first assignment. It's on that first feature. Second,  second feature, etc. All  right. Any questions up to now. So again we really need to be focused on the things that I've asked for. So now also last last point.  How many of you have done some cleaning of some variety before. Everybody. So honestly I think this is why this is the more popular app because this is what students  know. And it's easier and funner to work on stuff that you know and you already have that domain knowledge. So there's a good chance you probably won't have to do a lot of external research but you might have to. We'll talk about data collection next week other things that you can do to find out more about housekeeping tasks. But again it's really important that you satisfy my request to what I'm asking for. So I don't know about this. I don't know about this section but. I did see some AI usage, which that wasn't the intention. The intention is supposed to be, I've listened to the project intro. These are the things I'm wondering about. So if that's what path you went down, probably not gonna serve you or me very well. All right, so we'll start with Abby's questions. Abby, And again, uh if you.  If as I answer these, if you think of another question, you might want to just hold off because there's lots of questions that we're going to go through. If you need clarification or additional help with what  answer I've given you, then let me know. All right. Would you like to have the option to have your robot clean for a certain amount  of time?  We won't necessarily, I won't necessarily need to do a time so much as tasks. I want the test done and you, the app should give feedback saying, okay, you've asked for the whole house to be vacuumed. This will take 10 minutes and you'll have some kind of progress or processing screen, but you don't have to say, hey, go back in the whole house and it's gonna take 10 minutes, okay? What kind of chemical would be too harsh for me? There are a couple of different, that's. a really broad question. So  there are cleaning supplies for surfaces and for floors. uh I would like for you to  give the  user the option. So obviously we all know that there is like really light cleaning and there's also deep cleaning where you might like get out bleach and stuff. You know, I'm not overly picky as long as I have a variety. So for instance, you might say, do you want to just wipe off the counters with  a  antibacterial wipe?  That would not be good, would it? I did start recording, didn't  I? Usually about 10 minutes into my lecture, I was somewhere back in my head and goes, oh, did you start recording? uh So  I don't think you need to worry about too harsh as much as here are the options that you can select from.  When the robot needs to be charged or have system updates, I don't want you to worry about any settings, any charging status, any docking system, uh any recharging, no settings or anything like that. I want you to focus on the features that I've asked for  and how to tell the robot what you want it to do. Makes sense? Abby, do you have any more questions? All right, moving on to Pearson's questions. Should the robot be fully ambulatory with limbs and whatnot or more into a room? Okay, so the physical attributes of the robot you do not need to concern yourself with. You can assume that the robot has whatever needs in terms  of sensors, claws,  whatever to do anything that a human is capable of. right, so um again, this is like, Not too far in the future, I'm sure, but we can assume that I can tell a robot do this and it will do that. I mean, it's not AI or self-learning. So it doesn't say, oh, I know that you need this. We still need to direct it to do certain tasks, but we're not worried about its physical attributes. right. Should controls be designed on a macro scale or a step-by-step scale? Do X processes conform? Comparison steps a, c, order process a, d.  So I don't want you to set it up to be linear. All right. And I want to make sure that I'm answering your question. So I don't want you to say, oh, you have to do this before you do this. From the home screen, every feature should be accessible. So like if I decide, hey,  I've got a guest coming over. I just want to have the robot run the vacuum and dust off real quick. You should be able to do real time tasks like that. uh We're also going to have  a  maintenance scheduler task builder type thing.  There's a couple of different ways you can handle it. This  is where you as the  developer, I want you to use your know-how and help me. I think that it might be good to, again, if I want to tell the robot, go do this, this, and this, I should be able to. But you also might want to have some quick settings like, hey, know, do a quick clean or, hey, you know, my in-laws are showing up from out of town and do a deep clean by Friday, that kind of thing. did that answer your question? Kind of. More so it was like, if it's cleaning in the kitchen, is it, you know, just clean kitchen or is it? sweet floors, wipe surfaces,  clean dishes, as all separate things. Okay, okay. That kind of leads into something that  I think may be answered, but I'll touch, I mean, I think maybe ask later, but I'll go ahead and touch on it.  Basically, what I want you to do is to create some sort of profile. You know, I said not user profiles, but you want to create some sort of space profile. So I, as the homeowner and the user should be able to say, hey, I'm going to upload a floor plan. And then, Pearson, you should be able to say,  I want the kitchen clean first, or  that's more of the task scheduler. But say you just want the kitchen clean. Hey, we just had a big dinner and made a big mess. I want to make sure the robot goes in there and cleans that. So did that help? Kind of. OK. Let's work through it. We'll circle back to you because I don't feel like I've answered your question. OK. Should the parameters for the functions be customizable like specify a little white laundry  to clean walls instead of floors. Yes. So basically I should  think about it this way. um You know kind of limited it to three major household chores.  But what I want you to think about is  and what I tell students is think about if you came to my house and you  or you're running a new cleaning service. I would have to tell you what to do, all right? You know,  I had, wasn't a question, but a statement last semester saying, well, if I hire somebody to clean, they should know what to do. Fair enough, but uh I need to, I want the app to be sufficient enough to where I could give it to Pearson and he could say, oh, okay, Sandra wants this, this, and this done, and this is how I need to do it, all right? Because for instance, know, dusting is a very, you know, general term, right? There are lots of different ways to dust.  I can do a feather duster, anything from feather dusting, which is really, really easy to getting everything off of my surfaces and dusting them and even polishing the furniture, right? So  yes, so we should be able to do, uh we should be able to customize how a chore is done. It's not enough to say, do you want your, Your room dusting. Yes. Okay. Starting dusting. I should be able to tell how that happens. Again, if you want, if you prefer to handle that more with a, you know, uh it wouldn't be automated, but it would be more of a user customizable thing like, hey, I want to define what a deep cleaning looks like. It may be a little bit easier that way. uh But again, you know, if I want to do on demand task, I should be able to. Any more questions, Pearson? Moving along. m Victoria. Okay, so Victoria says, the laundry need to be categorized by article type, color and type? Sorry, it's weird when I'm reading in front of, I don't have a problem speaking in front of people when I'm reading in front of people, I kind of get nervous. Categorized by article type, color and type of watch setting, yes. All right, so we want to be able to do all the things, all right? So when we get to the laundry feature, you you need to define Where does the laundry need to be collected from? How is the laundry sorted? ah What temperature do we wash the laundry on? um What detergent do we use? Do we use additives? So yeah, so if you think about, and I'm going to stop for a minute. I know you college kids, because I've got one. ah Just dump it all in there and push it down and  throw in the pod and be done with it, right? I want it done properly. So ask your mom how to do laundry.  A couple of semesters ago, I had uh an older fella in the class. was in his  30s, which is still very young to me. But he was developing a laundry app for a student. And I was like, you should be able to separate those,  know, uh by nothing else, by the type of fabric. You don't want delicate fabrics swashed with, you know, like your car cleaning rags, right? And so he was like, well, I just figured he was a, he's a young college kid. He doesn't know how to do laundry. That's what he find with him. I'm like, okay, so yes, so yes, we want to be able to do laundry properly. And when I say properly, I mean separating, choosing a temperature, know, load size, all of those things. I always tell students, go look at your washing machine. Thank you. I started calling it a laundry machine. I'm like, that's not, yeah, go look at that interface. Those are the things you tell your washing machine to do. You're to have to do the same thing and the additional chore of collecting and putting away the laundry. All right. Will the laundry be will the robot be able to go up and down in cases of stairs? Yes. So but that's something you don't need to worry about. You do not need to worry about the mobility of uh the  robot. Just like I mentioned earlier you don't need to worry about its physical attributes and capabilities. Does it tidy up surfaces after the robot gets done cleaning? Well, what do you mean exactly by that, Victoria? Like if there's a bunch of light objects, I guess on the surfaces or counters, guess like, do they like, does the robot just put it exactly where it was or like to actually like organize? Oh, that's a good question. So I would like that included. You know, because Part of cleaning is, for instance, you have a piece of trash that's on the countertop, it goes in the trash. That doesn't need to be really in depth. It can be just kind of a, hey, do you want just that, just tidying up of things that don't belong there. Of course we can say it in a better way in our face, right? So, but yeah. Good questions. Do you have more? No. All right. All Camden will move along to your questions. What levels of cleaning does the robot need to do? Again, this is something that as the developer, I'm going to let you kind  of guide that process. uh You should be able to do on demand things, but it might be a good idea to like create like not create. for your robot, but enable your user to say, hey, I want to define what deep cleaning looks like. Hey, I want to define what a light pick up and cleaning looks like. So again, you should be able to do on demand, but you  should um also be able to do like a task list or a level of cleaning. might want to create like three,  enable your user to define, tell me what light cleaning means. Okay, tell me what deep clean tell me what medium. But your users should be able to find that. So  this is not something that you know I want you to like say, you know,  I'll tell you students every semester give me screens that have like a panel of just nothing but text. I don't want that. This should be interactive me as your  as your user. I want to tell you the robot what deep cleaning means not the robot tell me, okay? What all chores is the robot expected to perform? We've already covered that. want the first, the second feature is laundry, all things laundry, which I address with uh Victoria's question. ah The chores, uh floor and surface cleaning.  So floor and surface cleaning, I mean like cleaning the floor, vacuum mop,  vacuuming, mopping, sweeping, ah and the different types of variety of that because again there are different types of  mopping, are different types of vacuuming. ah know,  where were we?  Yeah, surfaces, mean like tables and you know countertops and you know again I kind of want you to stick with those two because I'm trying to make this comparable to the other   But it you know, it wouldn't be unreasonable to include for instance You know  Taking cleaning out dirty dishes out of the kitchen sink um Little additional chores like that, but you don't have to go scrub toilet toilets or  wash Clean showers or bathrooms. All right, that's too in-depth. Does that help? Okay  Should you be able to schedule tours being performed or should it? Okay again on-demand or taskless is what I want wanting and then you know when we get to that third  feature that's going to be that maintenance like I want this done every week or I want this done every day etc. uh Should you be able to schedule tours being performed or should I just say so that all right? Carter's question uh What tools does the robot have access to? How big or small is it? What's its general shape? How does it interact with the world? Okay, you do not need to worry about any physical attributes. We've already talked about that. uh What tools does a robot have access to? The job of the app is not to say get out the mop or get out the vacuum or get out whatever.  This is one place you can assume that the robot has  access to everything it needs. So for instance,  want my uh living room dusted  by removing items from all the tables, dusting them with pledge. ah You can assume that it has access to pledge  and a desk cloth.  So you don't have to have the robot go shopping for anything. You don't have to have an ordering list. don't have to. Some students,  and again, there are places where Things make sense to students. I want to do this. Put your phones away. I want to do this and I want to be able to, you know, have the robot do this.  But you don't have to have it go collect stuff for you. So like for instance, when you present to me, are the ways that  you can dust. Again, there are multiple ways. I don't have to  worry about does the robot have these things.  All right, so the user is going to manually control the robot, but how exactly is the user expected to interact with it physically? Should the user be in the same room or is it better if they don't interfere with the robots injectors? Okay, no interaction is needed other than I'm going to put in the app, what I want the robot to do,  and it's going to tell me it's going to do it, how long it's taking, system processing kind of thing. Make sense? So I don't need to... You don't need to include anything in the app that says, you want to watch the robot while they're doing this? you you don't necessarily have to include safety features like, oh, well, should I clean off all the things before I do the things? Right? Or should I watch out for kids or pets? I mean, that's going to be assumed. All right. I really just want to focus on what are our goals here? What are the sub tasks that make up that goal? And how do I direct the robot to do it? Who is realistically expected to use this robot? it be intuitive enough for a child to control or design that  adults are the only ones that are able to use it? So again, it's for personal home use  and it should be intuitive uh enough for a child or anybody  to use it. So, you know, that's the goal here with usability is that we create an intuitive app that is learnable without reading a manual or calling for support. All right. All right, I'll skip it being real. Carter, do you have additional questions? No. OK.  All right. What specific functions.  What specific functions does the household robot have besides sweeping? they also mop, clean windows and so on? So again, I want you to be concerned with surface cleaning and floor cleaning. So all the things  associated with those. again, there are different ways to clean surfaces. There are different ways to clean your floor. uh It should include like  sweeping, mopping, vacuuming.  And then if you break down sweeping, vacuuming and mopping, those can all be even further decomposed. So for instance, uh when we talk about mopping, mopping can be something as simple as using the Swiffer or we can  have a cleaning solution mixed with water where we use a mop that's dumped in it and pushed around. Yeah, really old school, but yeah, that's deep cleaning, all right? So sweeping, know, again, you probably do this in your own home. You you might just do a quick sweep where you're just, you know, just sweeping, you know, just the main walking areas, like places like eating areas, your kitchen and whatnot. You might have to move, you know, move the chairs out, sweep under the table, sweep up against the baseboards and the corner, et cetera. So again, we need to think about focus on surface,  that first one should be surface and floor cleaning. And the second one obvious is the laundry, which we talked about. And when I say laundry, again, collect the laundry, define how the laundry is processed, if you will, and then putting away the laundry. Cleaning windows, don't worry about. oh You know, again, it's reasonable to include things that or a part of surface cleaning, like I mentioned to earlier, it might be reasonable to say, out the, put away the, take out the dirty dishes out of the sink and put them in the dishwasher. I mean, that's a reasonable sub task of surface cleaning. Wipe out the sink. Make sense? What are your expectations? Or the overall UI style. Okay, so here is where I want to caution you all about just letting AI, I do allow you to use AI with the help of your design. uh I caution you against letting it do the work for you because,  and I'll try to talk about design early so that we can all be thinking about good choices with regard to color and font, but every semester I see garbage generated. oh Not saying that you would do that garbage generator from AI because again unless you're like really immersing yourself in this project and it's not a difficult project. Unless you're really immersing yourself in your project and thinking about design choices whenever I asked fits back to you doesn't mean anything unless you can look at it objectively and say that's not right. OK. So. ah As far as what I'm expecting, ultimately the goal will be to have something that has a good color scheme, which is pleasing in multiple ways. We'll cover design in module three. But again, I'll talk about some things early on, because I know you'll be doing a feature. I want colors. I want readable fonts, which I think like, I think like 19 is the  ideal font size  for  I think, don't quote me on that. uh But it's not 10. And  this is one thing that kills me about Marvel is like you're building an app for a phone and they use like  an eight point font, which is probably great for you guys, but old guys can't read that, okay? uh So yeah, so good colors, good fonts, alignment, white space, all the things that make things aesthetically pleasing and and a increased usability. As far as like what color scheme, as long as it's a good one, I'm okay with it. You will need to put pictures in.  know that placeholders are not a thing. So I expect to see pictures, properly sized pictures, pictures throughout the app, uh visual cues that help your user  use the uh application. um additional questions to the group? Okay. Again, when we start talking about Marvel, which again, I will give you all the basic tutorials on Marvel. I don't expect you to go out and learn it on your own. I know you could. But we'll be talking about that in time because your first chore will be to make that first feature. All right. Yeah, and it should be usable. It should be understandable. It should be learnable. We've talked about all those things. Brendan? We good? And then, oh, my bad, I was looking at the wrong person. Okay, this has to be remembered in A2. right. Will the robot function in the same way human would when doing tasks? Will it focus more like a Roomba or is it up to interpretation? So again, as long as the app allows the user, the robot to do the task, then we're good, all right? So uh it's not a room, but it's not something you just sit down and let it bump into things and move around and go where it needs to go. um So I don't think,  and I'm gonna stop and I'm sorry if I'm stealing anybody's thunder, but this is a good place to mention this. I do want you to enable your user to upload a floor plan of their home. You can just  Google images of house floor plans.  So,  you know, this should be very easy to simulate. Again,  it does have to be simulated. You have to  make your user,  your app should work like we're used to uploading a regular  image, right? I want to upload an image of my house. That way, I don't have to give the user a list of rooms. So imagine this, if you have one interface that has, hey, this is the layout of your floor house. Click on the rooms you want cleaned. and it lights up as you click it. Or you get, hey, here's a list of your rooms. Bedroom one, bedroom two, bedroom three, bathroom. Which one do you want to interact with? The picture, yeah,  one. Because it's just, you want go through all these work, like wondering which bedroom is which bedroom. Exactly, exactly. There's very little mental processing with looking at, you know what your home looks like, right? So.  It's very easy to interact with a picture of your home and say, clean that room or I want to select uh a collection of rooms then to through  a list of words. Well, it's bedroom one, the master bedroom or is it the little bedroom, right? So it kind of makes things more clear. It makes things more accessible. If you have, you know, maybe there's a language barrier, it makes it more accessible.  Yeah so sorry to jump in and talk about other things other than your question but that was an appropriate place. That's one thing I want you  your user should be able to do and it should be part of your um first function. You know it technically will be a different I mean a different section of the  app but but yeah it will need to be ready for your first feature. All right. How often will the robot be expected to perform tasks? Again, I want you to be able to ultimately set up a task manager. that's  not, the task manager is kind of part of that whole  scheduler. So it might be, you might have to kind of do some forward thinking when you're working through that first function. But yeah,  you want your user to be able to say how often does this take place?  And it should be able to be on demand too.  Should we also make screens if the robot detects a problem like running out of cleaning supplies? No. All right. So again, I try to make this really easy. every feature that you develop should assume a normal path. So you don't have to do error handling. You don't have to,  you know, compensate for  cleaning supplies. I don't know if I've mentioned this earlier, but we're not concerned with how the robot gets the cleaning supplies, the robot, or how some students have this vision of the robot storing my cleaning fluids inside of it. We're not worried about any of this. Again, we're just worried about these are the tasks I want done, this is how I want them. And you can assume that we don't have to tell the user, go get the mop, go get the this, go get the that. You do want to be able to say, Hey, what type of mop do you want to use? Sponge mop, swipper, et cetera.  Should we also make screens for the robot to text? uh Oh, I just said that. All right. Did you have additional questions, Brendan? OK. Bye. Aiden is not here. Let's skip because we've got plenty of time, but I do want to make sure that I get to everybody seated and here's questions. Cameron. I'm a teeny Cameron. You're one of the most interactive students in the class, which I like. Usually that makes it click with me. Now I've talked about it, now stick with me.  All right, for the housekeeping, keeping robot laundry feature, should it be able to separate color clothes from white clothes? Yes. So again, I want that separation to happen or to be available by color,  type of clothing or whatever you're washing. uh  Other ways you could really separate laundry. Those are the two big ones for me like ah Yeah, so it should be able to separate by color from whites. Should the robot be able to use different detergents with a screen? Yes. So I want you to offer your you know, you don't have to like offer your  user like the whole you know laundry detergent aisle at the grocery store.  but give them a couple of options. ah know, there are some detergents that are better for darker fabrics. are some, my daughter likes to use pods. I don't prefer that. prefer the liquid just, anyway. So yeah, you should be able to, you should give your user an option. You should also consider additives like bleach.  And  I don't use them, but you know, there's also like,   I do use fabric softener, fabric softener, bleach, and yeah, there's something else that Downy makes that like makes your clothes smell really good.  What's that?  Like professional. Official beads.  Anyway, so yeah, want you to be your user to be able to find how they want their laundry done. oh Should our UI have a screen so that we can set time and settings for the washer and dryer? ah Time for the washer is not really necessary because usually when you choose like delicate cycle, it's going to wash as long as it needs to wash. All right. And yeah, and just to mention to the robot itself doesn't do the washing. It's working with a machine that's like, okay, for the cent for auto like, because everybody's washer and dryer has like, oh, do you have this type of fabric in here? So you got to do cold water or hot water. Yeah. Yeah, so exactly. So, you know, your interface is going to be very similar to an actual machine. So timer on the washer part, not really so much. That's why. OK, I didn't know that. But dryer, definitely, because, you you know, throw, you know, throw something in, freshen it up in the dryer. I only wanted to drop it, you know, excuse me, five minutes. You should be able to set the timer. But, you know, You can also assume like if you want to make like  like.  like settings for like, know, again, this is one of the things on my dryer is like bulky and you know, delicate and  so  instead of a timer,  but if  you, should be able to be able to time it as well. That makes sense?  All right, Cameron, do you have questions? Any more questions? Okay. All right,  Alice, um should the robot be able to clean both carpeted and hardwood surfaces? Yes. So um as far as hardwood, we want to be able to sweep  and mop, um polish, mean,  who really polishes their house,  or their floors in their house, but I mean, if I had a robot, I might put the option on there.  So yeah,  and definitely vacuuming. Vacuuming should also include like  spot cleaning  and if you want like carpet freshener, that kind of thing. um So. Should the robot clean dark fabric and light fabric separately? And different options for load sizes? Yes. So again, the things that you see on those interfaces in your dorm room or your home are a good guidance. Any other questions, Alice? Okay. Okay, I do have one. You mentioned earlier you want pictures to be included of the entire thing. What would be like an example of where a picture would be? Would it be like when you're selecting your mops, it shows a picture of each type of mop or? Yeah, yeah. you could. pictures of, you know, like the different types of mops. Products are a good place to show pictures. Like, for instance, you you could show like a picture of you know, pods and day on and that kind of thing. So. I'm going to say that as long as your pictures are appropriately sized and aligned and they don't just like clutter up your screens, I don't think there's really an overuse of products,  excuse me, an overuse of pictures.  I also like to see icons, you know,  like for instance laundry, there's lots of great icons for laundry. You I wanna click here and define how the laundry's washed, here to  define how it's dry.  But yeah, as a general rule,  there's not going to be an over,  you can't really overuse pictures because they make your app easier to use. And I do want to caution you too, like a lot of places where we use pictures, we don't need words, right? Students will  show  an obvious icon of a washing machine and then put washing machine under it. So the reason why we have icons is to make our apps more usable, accessible, and understandable. just watch that you're, just sometimes it's appropriate to use both, but anyway. Other questions? Pearson? ah I did want to note like for that specifically that can be more readable for people who are blind because auto readers can read text. Good point. Good point. Very good point. I'm at it.  ah So I will look at that differently from now on. That's an excellent point. And  as someone who teaches accessibility, I should have known that. So thank you. All right. Brian. Brian. What task should our robot have available once before and surface cleaning feature have been selected? So I think I've kind of touched on all of these things. You should be able to clean. uh Different types of floors uh like hardwood laminate tile carpet like deep pile carpet. ah So you should be able to  select types of floor and then how you want it clean. So obviously one thing that's sometimes students kind of struggle with is this notion of branching so like when I say you know  I have you know for instance a hardwood floor uh I'm going to.  I'm going to do different things than if  I  choose carpet, depop carpet, right? So um you need to make sure that you're handling each one of those. um I try to like kind of limit it. Kind of the rule is like three or four, um you know,  options for things. So like, for instance, if I choose hardwood floors, how do you want to clean that? You know, obviously I can sweep it. I can mop it. I can polish it. Yeah, exactly. um So again, you you can reuse screens and you can have different branches. But yeah, so let me get back to your original question. You know, once the  you should be able to choose types of floor. How do I want this type of floor clean? And obviously you only want to present the ways to clean that appropriate for that type of floor. that make sense?  As far as uh surface. uh you know, tell me, you know, what surface you want. So, for instance, think about it this way.  If I ask you,  if you came to my house and I said, clean all my surfaces, think about all the things that you would need to tell your robots.  there are two kind of different things. You have some surfaces in the bathroom, some surfaces in the kitchen, some surfaces in your living spaces, right? So,  how can those three things be cleaned? So, obviously, if we're talking about bathroom, Quick clean might be an antibacterial wipe, deeper cleaning. Deepest cleaning might be some sort of bleach or some sort of heavy duty cleaning solution.  Middle of the road cleaning might mean different things. When you're in the  living space, you're have different types of cleaning like dusting and what are those different types of dusting. you might wanna kind of group those where you have bathroom, kitchen.  and then living spaces and sleeping spaces, because those surfaces are going to be kind of cleaned differently. from there, you have like living spaces and then bathroom kitchen. How do want these things clean? What products do I want to use? So decomposing each task to say, OK, I hear that you want some surface clean. Where and then how do do it? What type of cleaning supplies and products will a robot have access  to?  You do have to present cleaning supplies to your user. You don't need to worry about the robot's access. So it's fine for me if  you guys do your own research and say, oh, well, these are the products that I can use to clean a surface. Make sense? These are the products that I can use to dust a surface. Make sense? oh Ryan, do you have other questions? I don't. OK.  All  right.  I forgot to watch today. It was good for Tom.  All right. Tyler.  Tyler and Brian, I'm getting the names mixed up. right, so, all right. Tyler's questions are, cleaning floors, does this include things like vacuuming, rug, carpet, sweeping floors, mopping floors, and even steam vacuum? Yes.  So I think we've kind of talked about most of those. I like the idea of steam vacuuming. That's just another like decomposition task for cleaning floors. Do you have questions specifically about your question number one?  Okay, I think we've talked about those, but so I wanted to make sure that.  All right. Another thing for the floors is the robot supposed to pick up trash and toys and other objects and then put them in their respective locations. That's reasonable.  You know, if I were going to go into a room,  you know, it might not be necessary. You know, your bedroom might not have things in there, but if you're going to have your, you know, your playroom back and it would be reasonable to to. That would just be a yes or no. Do you need to have the area clean up? Do you need to have extra items from that area clean, put away or moved out of the way before you vacuum or mop or whatever? Yeah, that's reasonable. Again, that's just going to be kind of a yes or no. This is just something that doesn't need to be done or not. It might be specific to the room. As for laundry, does this include separatings? cotton. So you don't have to iron. Yeah, so who doesn't avoid that at all costs, right? So yeah, so what we want to do here is make sure that the laundry can be collected. Where am I collecting it from? Be processed and then be put away. All right. There's a couple of different ways we can handle that. Again, this is one thing as the developer that I want you to think through. Other questions, Tyler?  Alright. Okay, so for floor cleaning features, what are the types of cleaning we have to consider?  Mopping, vacuuming, sweeping, I think we've touched on all of those things. Do you have additional questions about that? You already answered. Yeah, and I'm sorry if I've stolen  anybody's thunder. Additionally for surface cleaning, we've talked about that and laundry assistance. oh Yeah, I think we've covered all of them. Do you have any other things that you're wondering about? right.  Oh yeah. Right. OK. I remember. oh Do we have do we add a schedule screen so that the robot can automatically do a task? Yeah. Again, we want to have a scheduler. We want to have some sort of uh maintenance thing where we can set up for regular maintenance. But we also want to do those on-demand tasks. So I want this vacuuming in this room done right now.  So should there be a timer for each event that stops? ah No, we don't need to worry about uh because  the robot is smart enough for me to say, you know, vacuum the entire house. What  I want you to make sure that you do, and we'll talk about this. Share my screen. All  right, let's go through it all over again.  Something just triggered in my brain. Anywho, okay, so you don't need to be worried about the timer or the robot  doing an order of tasks. As the user, you should be able to define that. What we do wanna make sure that we're paying attention to  is the robot's response. So if you ask the robot, I'm not a robot, but if you ask the robot back in the whole house, you don't have to tell it how long it needs to work. It should tell you, oh, you've chosen back in the whole house. Is this really what you want to do? Yes, this will take 30 minutes or this will show you a progress wheel showing you system processing or progress bar. That is a criterion in the final evaluation. So what we want to do is make sure that we're letting the user know the robot's working. This is what's going on. It will be finished in X amount of time or at least give you a visual. uh So we'll talk about that more as we proceed, but you don't have to tell the robot how long it will take unless, like I specifically said, things like dryer settings.  Should there be a counter-quantity tracker that keeps tracks of things such as soap cleaning, supplies, detergent? No. You just need to assume that the robot's going to have access to whatever tools it needs. So that's one thing that's really important, is you need to make sure that you don't go down the path of  creating a list of steps.  Get out this, get out that, get out this. ah We want to tell the user, is what I want done, this is how I want to do it. And then you assume that they have what, the robot has what it needs. Other questions, Gloria? Dylan.  All right. How is cleaning equipment stock within the robot? Do you have to manually replace and reload? I think we've already covered that. So, oh do you have additional questions?  Okay. How will we maximize efficiency from the robot in order to keep it efficient and better than a human housekeeper? Not really so much worried about that. I mean, you know, we're assuming we have a robot that works any time of the day that we want it to.  Again, we're not concerned with making it more efficient. We're concerned with replacing the human work  with the robot. uh Cost charging batteries, pairing parts, not part of the product. Right. Additional questions, Dylan?  I am. And. OK so we'll come back to the ones that weren't here then should the app have a selection to determine what room the robot should act upon.  think we've already covered that. Yes. And how that selection is made. We've talked about that as well. Should the robot be able to cancel or queue operations or should um all user input wait until the previous action is complete? Again, on demand  and we should have some sort of task scheduler which will kind of come later in that third feature. uh You do need to make sure your user can cancel. All right.  And that's a requirement of the final prototype. If I start a task, can I cancel it? So this is good interface design, right? If we start something, we should be able to back out of it or cancel or stop it from happening, especially if you've got some kind of physical thing working in your house. So usually that's best placed on like the progress screens, like your house is being back young. and there's like a progress wheel and then I can cancel it there and stop the robot.  But we don't necessarily like have to incorporate like safety features per se, but you should be able to stop it. And Pierce,  is that related to this question? Okay. Yeah. On the topic of canceling,  like if it's like starting laundry, we click cancel. Should it like reset to a neutral state or just drop it and walk away? That's a good question. In your prototype, what I would expect to see is if I cancel it, some sort of confirmation, your task has been canceled, go back to the main menu. We don't have to tend to any of the ugliness like, oh, we'll take the clothes back out of the dryer or do, yeah, we're just gonna return to a neutral state and then go from there and just start over. Again, I try not to make so many. Yeah, I try to just kind of assume a normal flow for most things because it kind of simplifies, you know, uh that. But all right.  Last question. Should the robot have adjustable degrees of work for each task? Yeah, I think I've talked about that a little bit while talking about that a lot. So again, you can let your user define that. Yeah. Hey, I want to. This is what it means to me if something's deep cleaned.  So you  don't want to decide that for your user. You want your user to tell you what makes it. Do you mentioned before that kind of customization being dependent on like you can select each like the tool you want them to use? the like robustness of the task as in like spot  or if the effort that you want to put in be independently customized from that or should they be together as a definition of light, medium and deep cleaning? Does that make sense? Yeah.  So what you're saying is if I'm going to  offer these, a good question. So um you're saying it's like if I look at a screen then all the deep cleaning features should be on one screen? Is that what I'm understanding? I guess my thought is like  if I want my dusting done with a feather duster, should I then  Should that be like the end of the customization or should I then be able to say with the feather duster, spot clean, deep clean or like medium clean? Does that make sense? Yeah, what I envision is the user being able to like define it. And so like that would go through that path of saying, okay, so like for instance, if you had an on-demand situation and you were saying, okay, let's just talk about dusting. Okay, so on-demand I want all surfaces in the house feather dusted. All right, so, but if you were building like a  section for your user to be able to define what it means to them to have like a that says this is what deep cleaning means or  light cleaning means, you should still present  all the options to them. I want a feather duster and then that'd be the end of conversation. It would add that to the this is what happens when you do light cleaning. Does that make sense? And it would kind of build that tab. Do you have additional questions? And if you want to kind of work through what you're envisioning uh and just move the sketch and bounce it off of me, I'm happy to look at it. And that goes for everybody. If you're like, you know, some students kind of start thinking through this and they, you know, kind of going down paths that might not really satisfy what I'm asking for. uh You're always welcome to, you know, sketch out something and say, you know, catch me after class or before class or during office hours and say, hey, is this what we're thinking about? Because it's really easy for me to take a sketch and say, no, let's do it this, this, and this way. Or it makes more sense to me. But what I found is that, you know, students who really invest themselves in the project have lots of good ideas and bring to the table things that I haven't thought about or, you know, better ways of doing it than, you know. then Homer would build his car, right? Okay. Do you have additional questions? Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. And last but not least, Danny. Okay. So can you walk me through what your typical processes are when it comes to tidying up certain areas? So that's really a broad, broad question. I was going ask you how in depth this should be. I just wanted answer my question. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So again, I want you to make sure that you're thing true to those two major features that I've asked for.  And I do think I've talked about all of them. uh But if you do still do you have some of your answer. Okay. Okay. Well, that's the curse of being the last one that I that I got to answer. All right. What chores do you feel you procrastinate or avoid the most? Well, that's really more about me, not my robot. So uh What does a sufficiently clean home look like versus a deep clean home? Again, your user should be able to define that. That's why when I was talking about Ben's questions was,  if you're going to build a deep cleaning routine, you need to allow your user to tell you what that means. And what I think is really not accurate, doesn't really apply here.  As long as I can, and y'all don't start packing up. see phones coming out and packing up going on. I'm gonna go back through those questions of people who weren't here. Some might be here if you want extra minutes. Again, your users should be able to define that for you. You'll have to think through what your options are based on what I've told you. But then you should allow your user to be able to create those routines. Let me go back through. I think there were two or three people that weren't here. Brian? OK, so let me just read through these and see if we need to talk more about them. Okay, number one has been answered. or two has been answered. Number three has been answered. Do y'all read anything from any of those that you're still wondering about? Okay. So Brian, if you still have questions, email me.  Dylan, right? I want to make sure that we're, I think there was one other one.  Everybody Cameron. Cameron's right there. See I just went bragging on and on about knowing your name and I'm like oh Cameron who's that?  Aiden is not here. I think this is the last one. All right. Must we stick to solely these three functions or am I allowed to swap for other relevant features? No.  They have to be the features that I have asked for. uh I think when I give you a high level goal in that lecture the first week at class, talked about how, or maybe it was the second week, no it was the first week, when we talked about the project intro, we talked about how important it is to decompose tasks. That's what we need to think about. So I used to have you all do a hierarchical task analysis, which I found out AI very sloppily creates. So you can rely on that if you want to, but you know, It's really important that you include what I want in  the  app. So, you need to decompose those tasks yourself. What does it mean to vacuum? There are things that you need to understand for vacuuming.  Where does it need to go? Where do I need to vacuum?  know, height the  vacuum is set on. Do you need spot cleaning? Do you need carpet freshener? All of those things need to be decomposed. Now, I'm pretty sure that through the course of this conversation today that we've decomposed at least to the next level most of these tasks. I mean, if you get home and you're like, I don't know what she means by this, then we need to work together. I mean, you can do research if you want to. What does it mean to polish a hardwood floor? I mean, that's fine. um I where I was going with this. But yeah, if you don't decompose a goal into sub tasks, your robot's not gonna have enough information to do things, all right? It's kind of like the sandwich example that I gave y'all. Make me a sandwich. There's lots of other things you need to know before you can make the sandwich. Clean my house. Lots of other things. So I've kind of given you those high level tasks of service cleaning, floor cleaning, and then we're gonna do laundry too. Do you mind going a little more in depth explaining the task scheduler? So I think I've already talked about that. I should be able to build a scheduler that does tasks or, you know, does tasks or routines. Can anybody offer anything that I might not need to answer, On the note of that task scheduler, if I set like an on-demand task for like right now as it's doing another task. Should I have an option for it to start it after that task finishes or just cancel the current one? Yeah, I mean, if you're building a task scheduler, mean, ideally, and again, that won't really come to the last feature.  you you need to be thinking through this as you're developing. But right now you're going to be that first assignment is focusing on those on-demand tasks.  But yeah, ideally, I mean, it should work like any task scheduler. Hey, I've got I've got these things in the task. You you're probably going to show this one's processing. They might be linear at that point. So I'm going to do this, this and this and this. And there might be a reason for it. And you probably want to be able to cancel there and maybe delete that task. Does that make sense? So, you know, again, your task scheduler should be just kind of a list of things to do. I want these things to happen. It's a little bleep task.  They can be in some kind of quarter. That makes sense. All right. Do you all think other questions about the task scheduler.  OK. Question number three is there a limit to how specific we need to be for each step in completing a task. For example do we need a minimum of four steps for washing laundry but at max eight. em So yeah I think we talked earlier about most this time. Yeah.  Options are really,  I think, good balance.  Don't overwhelm your user with 12 options with 12 different branches, because that's just going to make your life harder in the end. But yeah, like as a general rule, three or four steps.  Some students want to  take that whole part out of it, like I told you all about the beach buddy, put sunscreen on me.  You just can't do that, because that's not what is being requested  of you. Any questions associated with that question? Yeah, you know, there should be a balance and, know, there should be a depth to it that, you know, allows your user some interactivity and to experience the app. Tyler? I think that question was asking  more like  how, not like the options, but like, do you want us to go in depth on like. Put bread down, then tomato, lettuce, another piece of bread, and stuff like that. Do we need to go in like individual steps into oh reading the tasks, not really the options? do I  need to... Oh, okay. So,  let me make sure I'm understanding your question. So, do I need a certain number of tasks to do the goal, to accomplish the goal? Yeah. oh Okay, so you know basically you need enough steps to accomplish the goal. So  for instance,  you know, it might be different. ah You know, it might be different from making a sandwich. oh might be different making a sandwich as opposed to what kind of chips do you want? Right.  So  if I'm making a sandwich, there's a lot of layers to that. If I'm doing laundry, there's a lot of layers to that. But if I'm putting clothes away, much fewer steps, you know, does that make sense? Yeah, was just correcting it for the video. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. And thank you. Thank you for clarifying some additional thoughts you had about that. So, yeah. Yeah, it might be different for everything, you know. The idea here is that you have all the tasks um laid out so that the goal can be accomplished. And that's that whole part of decomposition is what has to be done for this thing to be achieved. And we're almost done. We've got some yawns and sleepy eyes. I feel the same way, guys. All right. And now we talk to... All right. I think that's everybody. So OK. So other questions you still have. So Tyler. I did have one version. You have is this assuming it's like a phone app or is it like a laptop or computer. It should be phone size. It should be a phone app and it don't do a tablet app. A lot a lot of students kind of go down the path of doing an app for a tablet. not appropriate in all cases. I want a phone app working with a limited set of real uh limited space uh is going to challenge you to make better interface. All right. So it's easy when you have all the real estate of a computer screen monitor or a tablet.  But I want a phone app. Now good question because it brings me to this. You might have a preference for iPad, might have a preference for Android, I don't care. uh When we start talking about Marvel, you'll see that Marvel has lots of drag and drop tools from both types of phones. uh Both types of phones do different things differently. You don't have to stay true to one set of tools. There are things that I think Android does more elegantly and things that iPhone does better. You can choose your mix of tools. It's your application.  I'm not going to, you know,  I'm not a purist that way. I want you to create something that's usable and enjoyable for your user to create. And if that means that I have to use this tool from Android and this tool from iPhone, so be it. All  right. We're focused on usability and interface design, not, you know, staying true to a product. Any questions? Now what I intend to do is  on  Tuesday of next week, uh so you guys don't have to show up on Thursday, so don't make no statement more family. uh So y'all don't have to be here on Tuesday, Thursday. On Tuesday of next week, we'll start talking about what I'm looking for with assignment one, and we'll also take a look at Marvel, so you can at least go ahead and jump in and start playing around. So if you haven't already, go ahead and make sure that you have a user account set up with Marvel because we will work on the computers during class. And just to kind of give you a taste of what you're looking at, how to do things and how to start working on that first feature, which I think is due. I remember, the 29th or so, do we remember? But what you should do now, your first deliverable is due on the 29th. So what you should do now is to start creating your outline. You're not going to turn your outline into me, but to me, an outline is like writing an algorithm before you start coding. How am I going to solve this problem before I make 20 screens that I'm going to have to throw out? Cassandra said she didn't want that, right? So think it through and sketch it through before you start doing that. Set up your account in Marvel before Tuesday of next week. Have a good afternoon. Thanks, y'all. Grab a piece of candy, another piece of candy until they're gone. Yeah, have a good one Cameron. Oh, I remember. oh Go 